I think here we took the light turn shaking, sure.
We took this road and turned to the right.
No wonder we're lost.
You've been reading the map upside down.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
It's 8th of September, 2023.
Good to see you this evening.
There probably was no spread in New York City.
Infectious clones are probably the only real threat.
The SIBO batches were likely distributed to confuse us a little more.
And transfection, healthy mammals is dumb.
Protocols were murdered, gained a function as a mythology.
The Scooby-Doo is real.
You have been fooled into thinking you've solved this mystery
and the players are committed to the lies.
You're just going to have to cover terms with it.
They're going to look you right in the face.
While they tell you they love you, they're going to lie to you.
MUSIC
Right to your face, they're going to lie to you.
And that's why we've got to keep vigilant.
That's why we've got to keep vigilant.
I can't stress enough how important it is to go forward with your heart wide open.
Feel what people are saying.
And if you don't trust them, then stop watching.
It's really that simple.
Because we are at a stage where you've only got about...
You've only got so many waking hours in the day.
And if you don't manage your brain well enough, you're going to become a depressed animal.
And if you want to know, anybody is trying to shoulder that weight for you.
It's me.
And what you see happening before you is the slow withering of somebody who used to believe
that America and biology and life was nothing but excitement and positivity and promise.
And while I still want to believe that for my children and for my grandchildren,
I am disturbed to realize that we are three years into this and we are not as far as I hope we would be.
But there is a light.
There is a shining light in this tunnel.
I assure you.
And that is that if you just follow the rule of ignoring the television,
if you follow the rule of ignoring the bait on social media, Twitter is so awful.
I'm trying to move exclusively to my soapbox.
And I'm just going to clip pictures from soapbox and post them on Twitter.
For the people that like to follow me on Twitter, I'm very, very sorry.
But it's just too much awfulness there.
And it is really designed that way.
And couple that with the fact that we give away so much of what we're thinking when we're on that platform.
I think it's best if you just show up there, you take a crap and you leave.
I hate that place and I don't want to hate anything anymore.
I'm sure these people have changed the way we think about certain things in biology
and that led to certain calamities over the last three years.
And I'm just not going to pull any punches anymore because I really believe that the bottom line is
that some of these people are responsible.
And they're responsible because they weren't really fighting to find the way out of the cave.
They were actually taking advantage of everybody being in the cave and them having some clue
as to what was going to be okay to talk about or what was going to be exciting to talk about.
And gaining some comfort.
I don't know what.
But some of these people were tipped off to the fear and cleavage site in January of 2020.
I will go so far as to say that anyone that didn't have a coronavirus paper on their CV
and was not actively working at a university,
and you wrote a blog about the fear and cleavage site in January of 2020,
you need to come forward and admit it.
That somebody called you.
Somebody tipped you off.
If you were talking about spike protein toxicity before anybody was even sure this was a pandemic,
some of you definitely need to cop to the fact that you were tipped off.
And no matter how much of a hero you like to think of yourself as,
you need to think back and realize that, oh my gosh,
I might have been responsible for ceding the panic that they were able to take advantage of,
ceded by the theater of New York City, so carefully documented now by Jessica Hockett.
This aberrant four weeks in New York City that was paraded around the world as the start
of worst case scenario as Dr. Kevin McCarran so aptly described it back in February and March of 2020
already with such certainty about the coming calamity.
That's how we got here.
And you will find that many of the people that are in this diagram have been very accurately
characterized by me as being people who should have done known better.
And it's too late for Brett Weinstein to figure out that anywhere that the LMB takes the RNA
that there's a potential for auto immunity.
It's too late.
I was explaining to that him in his signal chat in 2021 and he ignored me.
And in 2021, that coward had Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on his stream in his house.
And that coward didn't release that podcast until it was cool in 2023.
And I can say a lot about everybody on this side of the graph because of when they came out,
how they came out and where they are now.
None of them questioned the virus.
None of them questioned the danger and the crisis.
None of them really questioned the intention of the RNA.
And none of them questioned the gain of function could be the source of it and it could be the source of it again.
They're all members of the same faith.
And it's a very different kind of faith than what I'm talking about here.
This is a faith that if we are fighting for the sake of heaven, if we are fighting for the sake of truth,
not for the sake of victory, then our fight will will stand the test of time.
And our goals are valid.
And I'm happy to be wrong.
I'm happy to be wrong, but don't make any mistake about it.
I have been fighting and working tooth and nail since 2020.
I have every right to be where I am with the relative confidence that I have.
Because I bend down the other roads.
I explored all those caverns first too.
And they're all dead ends.
And I came back to the center and I'm the one with the flashlight in the front of the cave while everybody's still yelling about rooms back there.
Those people don't want you out.
I think Nick Hudson wants you out.
I think Mark Koolak wants you out.
I think definitely Jessica Hockett wants you out.
I think Thomas Binder wants you out.
I think Dennis Rancor wants you out.
Denny.
All the other people on this screen, I'm not so sure.
I hope and pray that Bobby wants us out.
I hope and pray that Robert Malone wants us out.
But I've been paying attention to people's behavior.
And I've had the privilege of having them pay attention to me.
And that means I get to see a different kind of behavior that a lot of other people don't see.
And I believe that we are the victim of a very, very deep con.
Lots of people have been conscripted into this con to control the narrative from both sides, whether they know it or not.
Whether they understand the depth and the breadth of the operation or not.
That is what has been done to us.
We have been fooled as a society.
Think about that.
The breadth and the depth of that attack cannot be underestimated.
And to think about the potential for how many people are involved and how many different levels.
Everyone on this screen, wittingly or unwittingly, has taken part in the authentication and mystique of the intellectual dark web
and the ones that have prarited and not questioned the faith in the novel virus, the faith in the crisis, the faith in the countermeasures, the faith in the return of a new virus.
The belief in the mythology of gain of function.
These people and many others have never questioned those tenements.
And that's how the Scooby-Doo works, because you get fooled into thinking that you solved the mystery, you uncovered the monster, and Barrick and Daisyak and Fauci go to jail.
Or maybe the Chinese government gets blamed.
Or maybe we find out it was Ukrainian labs.
But in the end there's going to be another monster.
In the end we're going to have to have the same panic again with the same mystery of which garage did it come out of.
And the way out is biology.
The way out is coming to understand that transfection can never be immunization and we have even learned more than that.
What we've learned is that there's no combination of chemicals that can be justifiably injected intramuscularly to usefully augment an immune system.
Now I'm not going so far as to say that there aren't vaccination methodologies that couldn't impart immunity that's useful to humans and done in the skin, inhaled, maybe even drank,
but do not and repeat do not forget that the immune system is a very special system.
Do not underestimate the danger of inhaling things to augment your immune system.
Do not underestimate it.
The only way in my humble opinion that you can be immunized safely is either through the skin by variation which I'm not even really sure about.
And the other way would be through the gut.
Because there in the payer's patches is where the rubber meets the road as far as tolerance and immunity.
And without that crucial part of the immune system interacting with others, you have nothing.
And that is the basis. That is the reason. That is the why of why you cannot inject somebody in their muscle and usefully augment their immune system.
So everybody that's talking about gain of function viruses and crazy spike proteins with HIV inserts is talking about nothing really.
Because even if all those stories are true, we don't win by crying about the gain of function virus.
We don't. We win by no longer complying.
We win by no longer allowing them to inject our children by making them test these products.
That's the only way we win.
All other avenues lead to capitulation, lead to digital IDs, and lead to your children being basically bio-surveiled as slaves for their entire lives.
That's what's coming.
And so if you don't believe it, here's Mr. Yee, Michael Yee, aka Mr. Sparkle.
Mr. Sparkle is disrespectful of dirt.
And in this case, Michael Yee is disrespectful of BS from all sides.
And I want you to watch and listen carefully for the words that he chooses, the rationales that he makes.
And listen carefully for when Steve Kirsch talks, because it ain't very often.
And I have a feeling there's a good reason why.
I'm really excited.
Oh shoot, I did the cut wrong again.
Gosh darn it.
So terrible at this self-direction crap.
Really make this a great turnout.
All right, so now for Steve's very compelling interview with Dr. Mike Eden.
I'm going to go over to the Gricketts a little bit.
He was formerly a chief scientist and vice president at Pfizer's Allergy and Respiratory Research Division.
Went on to form his own biotech company.
However, in the wake of COVID-19, Dr. Yee has emerged as one of the most prominent critics of the COVID-19 quote vaccines, end quote.
And the broader vaccine agenda propagated by big pharma.
He has of course been the object of their attacks, but he is a trusted and important voice in our movement.
So let's take a listen.
Hey Mike, it's good to talk to you again.
Steve, great to be with you here today.
So you probably have an interesting story to tell in terms of what you'd like people listening to this broadcast to know.
So what's kind of on the top of your mind right now?
Yeah, so people probably know that I'm a lifetime professional research scientist.
Always wants to do that since I was a kid.
Properly qualified, full career in big pharma and then 10 years independent and biotech did very well.
So I was enjoying it with a light consulting when we were told a pandemic had begun in 2020.
And I think famously I realized very early on that people I faintly knew of on the telly because I've been around so long that I know some of the people in public health.
They were lying.
So I didn't say that first of all, but I realized they were using things like PCR tests.
I knew just about enough of those to know like with any test you have to do internal controls.
There was no sign of any of that.
And so I smelled a rat early on and that I probably became infamous on Twitter,
arguing the talks about PCR tests and no one cares.
And it's occurred to me later in the year that they were not only lying about these diagnostic tests,
but in my view about absolutely every other part of the narrative, including masking,
asymptomatic transmission, lockdowns, border closures, all that sort of stuff.
And so later in the year, I think I became the first person using the L word.
They are lying because if scientists give their opinion,
and Graham's pumber on the telly with the tie and the title is saying something else,
they'll never take.
They'll never, the public won't weigh those things.
If you say they're lying and here's why, or here's how, you got a chance.
And so, and I'm afraid, yeah, I've noticed that the authorities have been lying continuously.
Whether there was, I don't believe there was a pandemic, but let's say there was something.
It was no more serious than flu.
Do we ever close the world down for flu?
No, we don't close the world down for flu.
So straight away folks, whether you believe there has been a pandemic or has not been a pandemic,
some great and powerful people have closed the world down based on a public health hazard
that is not abnormal.
And then the persuaded banjoed, coerced, and sometimes mandated used to roll a sleeve up
to take a completely novel concoction, a so-called gene-based, gene-based vaccines.
I don't think of them as vaccines.
And I knew because of my toxicology and drug discovery and experience that these things,
if they did anything at all, would be harmful and said so.
That's when my world fell in.
In early December 2020, I'd been banjoed a bit on Twitter by presumably paid trolls and people
who had just disagreed with me.
But that's when the National Broadcaster and several well-known journalists decided that
they'd have enough of me and were going to tell me off.
So that's when I became the anti-vaxxer darling or whatever it is.
And basically, I've said to people, this is an important thing to say,
my radar, my job is to join dots.
That's what I've always done on my life.
And it's probably about the only thing I was unusually good at.
So I often see patterns in sparse data before other people do.
Danger of that is sometimes I see patterns that aren't there.
But if you're forming the patterns and you're doubling back on yourself,
I tend to be ahead.
So my mind is usually several months ahead of my mouth.
So by summer of 2020, I was alluding in interviews to the possibility that if somebody
wanted to poison a significant proportion of population that could come up with a better
way than lying about a pandemic and saying, here's a medicine.
I already knew by the end of March 2020 that the only thing that made sense to shut the
world down, therefore with enormous financial consequences when it was not necessary,
that meant the owners of assets and capital must have signed the box for that.
You must have signed that off.
Why would they do that?
And I came to the conclusion and I think that was right.
Control was the reward.
Digital control.
By the end of the year, I could see it's as simple as this.
I think there may be more than this, but just from the biology,
I believe the perpetrators intend to require us to carry mandatory digital ID.
Hopefully in your hand rather than inside your forehead, but I wouldn't count on it being
limited to a device in your hand and then cashless central bank digital currencies.
That's all that's required.
That is all that's required to remove every last wisp of your freedom because if I'm running
this and I say, I'm going to require digital ID, valid digital ID before you do anything
before you buy anything.
He's not running right now.
It's all across any regulated threshold.
And if I define value as up to date with the latest WHO recommended inverse commerce
vaccines, that's all I need to remove all of your freedom permanently.
And it's quite shocking when you realize it would take only two or three acts.
If we didn't react, I'm not sure any of us are going to have enough of us will react.
For example, in Britain, the Bank I banked with national Westminster, I've been with
them for 40 something years, and they just likely announced last week that as from then September,
they're going to reduce the amount of cash a customer can obtain every day from the bank
regardless of their balance.
It's at £250.
And I think when did the bank last decide how much of my post-tax money I may obtain?
So I went into the bank to reminisce straight in the start so that we didn't know anything
about it.
But it's on their website.
So they're about to do it.
There are no pitchforks and torches in the street.
This is how they get us.
So I've made sure I've got plenty of cash and non-cash equivalents because at some point
I think people's money will be stolen in some way through banking crisis or whatever.
So if you want to carry on using a live outside the system, then you'll need some means of
exchange that's not dependent on whatever restrictions they put in place.
So I think that's where we're going.
Some other friends who are cleverer than me in military matters are concerned that there
could be a more could be precipitated or food shortages.
I've nothing to say yes or no on those things.
What do I know?
But in terms of the controller agenda, I think what I've described is seems like a
relatively close and the clues are there, aren't they?
The WHO and the European Union announced last month that they were going to adopt the EU
would adopt this sort of travel pass which will contain your health status.
So that's I think vaccine passport at some point, which is unnecessary of course.
And then like I've just said, the bank is making it harder to obtain and to use cash.
So it's like it's converging on the spot I pointed to.
And I've already made my decision and I recommend to people that you don't need a digital
ID.
I don't need a digital ID and your whole life has been lived in a law abiding successful way
without digital ID for every sort of zero trust society that they're talking about.
So I've resolved not to sign up for it.
And if I'm told that's the end of your access to money, then so be it.
I believe this is this machine is one that will be used kilowatt of people and I'm not
going to step into the machine.
That's what I'm not going to do.
And I'll keep speaking because I was discussing with your assistant.
I characterise every day and a brave person dies only once.
I may not be accurate in every deduction I make.
I always say to people, I don't have a copy of the script.
But I'm sincere in what I'm saying.
It's complete nonsense, isn't it?
I mean, the shutting the world down for a few like illness, even if it was a multiple of
its lethality is mad, but they've done it everywhere.
And that means that's proved positive.
The national activity, right, straight away in March 2020, super national activity.
Because how could 160 countries decide at once to do the same crazy,
unprecedented, not in their pandemic preparedness plan restrictions?
And the answer is that it was agreed at a level above.
And there were loads of tabletop simulations of this kind of event,
including famously event 201 in 2019.
But these started in the late 90s.
And there have been tabletop simulations of pandemics and bioterror.
I think there's like 15 of them run by Johns Hopkins,
Bellarmine, the Gates, the US military, and increasingly senior ministers in each
of the Western countries and eventually including China.
So there's been a lot of rehearsal for this.
And I'm not convinced.
I'll put my stick my neck out and say, I don't think severe respiratory illness
pandemics are possible.
And that's because you're not infectious until you're loaded with whatever the pathogen is.
And when you are, you are symptomatic.
That is ill and you withdraw from circulation.
And the worse it is, the more quickly and more categorically you withdraw and that terminates
transmission.
So the idea that there could be a like flying Ebola,
I mean, you wouldn't want to catch it.
Probably killing it, assuming it's real.
But it's not going to spread very far.
Because these people who get Ebola or whatever it's got, whatever it is,
they get sick apparently, really ill the same day that they contact the person with the
symptoms and often they're dead the next day.
So you're not going to be breezing around, you know, Kmart and buying gasoline and going
to have the only true apartheid.
So you're not going to be infecting very many people.
And that's the whole point.
There's a R0 R0 transmission number is great with things that leave you symptom free for
a long time.
But you're not, I just don't believe in respiratory illnesses that people are symptomatic.
Sorry, are infectious unless they're symptomatic because they both pivot on a common factor,
which is a long full of pathogen and both, you know, both situations to be a good source
of infection.
You have to have a lot of it and you will have symptoms.
That's according to the narrative.
I, as you've heard, I want to say I've had a conversion and I'm not sure of the sort of
no virus arguments.
But I don't believe there's been a pandemic that set me apart from quite a few people.
I'm a scientist and I'm following the data.
So the reason I say it, the reason I say it, it's just one, one reason.
It's nothing to do with the no virus arguments.
It's nothing to do with whether it's been isolated or not, nothing at all.
It's wholly down to the epidemiological work of Dennis Rancourt and his colleagues who
looked at all course mortality, asking only the date of a death, the sex and age of the
person who died, and they collected data from each of the 50 states every week.
And I think they've done at least three years' worth.
And there was no pandemics to use.
There was no increase in all course mortality anywhere until WHO called the pandemic.
And then as we know, mad protocols were introduced in hospitals like mass ventilation.
I'm a respiratory guy.
I understand a bit about that.
Listen to this.
If you have an open airway, you haven't got asthma or an object in your throat.
So if you can breathe in and out through your airway and you haven't been stabbed or shot or crushed.
So your chest wardens intact.
You never, ever sedate, intubate and ventilate.
Unless it's for something like elective surgery.
You don't do it for flu.
So when tens or hundreds of thousands of people were subjected to this treatment, I knew that that was going to end badly.
And then these poor souls were also given intravenous remdesivir in the US, I believe, from a company called Gilead.
And the material is poisonous.
And that combination of a very stressful mechanical ventilation is life saving.
When you come in with a head injury and you're not breathing or, you know, or as I say, elective surgery or perhaps your burns and you need to be stated.
It's a lifesaver.
It's and the trade-offs of risks for your pulmonary health are definitely worth it.
But a person who comes in anxious, short, short of breath and so on.
Give them an oxygen mask and half a valium tablet and put them on around them.
You definitely don't do what they did.
But that was mandated.
So I knew that was going to happen.
Give them a half a valium and put your arm around.
That's brilliant.
Oh, it's brilliant.
People were given my jazz 11 morphine in Britain for short, which is two thirds of the lethal injection I've used in some US states.
My PhD was in the effects of opiates on respiration.
So I knew that my jazz 11 morphine was, you shouldn't give, if you give that to unattended elderly, somewhat frail people.
Most of them will have stopped for you to give enough of those.
Steve is speechless.
It's contrary indicated, except in your high dependency setting.
So the fact that we're giving them to tens of thousands of elderly folk and care homes is that's mass murder.
Sorry.
And then look at Steve.
There was a long running controversy.
It's like a jet in front of a industry about whether or not it was appropriate to give antibiotics for people who had a chesty cough after they'd had a cold or something.
We usually do it because on the precautionary principle, if you don't and they get pneumonia, they could die in a few days.
So, but people were saying, well, we've never done the controlled trial.
They have now because during 2020, on all sorts of fraudulent grounds, doctors were instructed pretty much to withhold antibiotics from people who had a positive COVID test on the grounds that antibiotics don't kill viruses.
It's like, that's true.
But people who've had one acute episode often follow it with bacteria on pneumonia.
That's well known.
And so they halved the number of prescriptions for antibiotics, chest infections, and people, young people as well, just died in their very, so tough way to get the experiment done.
But that's those with us three main methods. I call that Iatrogenic murder.
Yeah.
I don't think a new path doesn't kill anybody. I could be wrong, but there's no evidence for it.
Well, no, that's not true.
There's lots of bits of evidence, most of which I think is fraudulent.
Molecular biology is the best biological science to cheat in because it nearly all involves computers, algorithms, assumptions.
It's a bit of tissue twitching or an animal breathing or not breathing.
You get a bunch of code.
And even when they do sequencing, it's not what you think it is.
It doesn't do what you think it does.
Next generation sequencing, for example, is just, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a mad lottery that's decoded using software.
And I remember when I was in the industry speaking to experts, I said, this is, this just strikes me as statistical, statistical, like, this is like probabilistic pharmacology.
And they said, yeah, that's right.
So I, anyway, so the fact that there was not an increase in all cause mortality when this virus was supposed to be sweeping across Western Europe and America tells me,
and also I'd say to Steve, that we, I think we would agree that authorities lied to us about masking.
They lied to us about the spirit of public health emergency.
The lie to us about the necessity is still going testing.
They lied about asymptomatic transmission.
They lied about the needs for border closes, small business closes, exception, et cetera, et cetera.
So the same people, some of those lying down on that line.
They're the people who told us there's a novel, novel virus.
And yet the all cause mortality data says there's nothing unusual happening in the spring.
So I think it's a real stretch to go and find, find a virus.
And I think, again, I've said to people, I'm not going to fight people on our inside.
We've got enough bloody common greeze things running against us that let's not fall out over this stuff.
Or if you want to, I'll let you fall out.
But that's where I've got to.
I've said before that I'm not clever enough to follow the so-called no virus arguments completely.
And also I know people who work in virology.
I've explained this to them and they said, no, no, you don't understand Mike.
And then they start talking in deep technical terms.
And they've said, I know that virus X and Y exist because I work top.
And I think, you know what, I'm not going to gain to say these people.
So that's where I get caught.
I look at the data for the pandemic.
If no viruses really exist, I'm not clever enough to make the arguments.
That is a great way to pass that buck.
And I may even start using it.
But for him to do it that way and for anyone, for anyone to do it that way is perfectly legit.
Why?
Because you're only not consenting to be governed by that premise that there are viruses that can threaten the world.
Even if, even if your stance is, I don't, I'm not smart enough to understand if that phenomenon is possible, but I will not be governed by it.
And I really think it's an important thing to take away from this because you don't ever need to get into the weeds with anyone about if there's a virus or not.
You can if you want to.
And I think it's a very interesting discussion to have with somebody who wants to have it with you in earnest, who wants to talk about the lack that pure missing data at this size scale and our horrible inability to analyze at this size scale.
If somebody's really willing to talk about it, it's a great and wonderful discussion about how complex biology is and about how difficult it is to distill it down further than where we have it right now, just because our tools can't allow us to.
And that's okay.
Because there are many biologists out there that think there is a complexity beyond which we're not really going to penetrate.
Because when you remove a piece, it doesn't work anymore. So there are no evolutionary steps that lead to an airplane.
And so at some moment, you've got to realize that there might be something more here, whatever it is.
And whatever it is, there's going to be a lot of this biology that we're never going to understand because it's layers and layers of complexity.
And so even if we think we can see how the gears are working together, we can't see it across time and space, my friends.
We can't see it across generations.
And so we've got to come to terms with the fact that these kinds of cartoons that are flying behind my head, they're all imaginary ways of mystifying you to make you think that the computers have solved how proteins fold.
Or that we know how viruses and exosomes and the immune system all work together.
We don't.
And so it's okay to say, I'm not clever enough to make that argument because in reality, probably none of us are.
And in fact, I'm kind of making that argument.
I'm kind of making the argument that if you really argue in earnest and you argue with honest, forthright admission of what's real and what's not, you have to acknowledge the swarm.
You have to acknowledge clones.
You have to acknowledge the preponderance of particles that appear to be not infectious.
You have to acknowledge the ridiculous cartoon of the infectious cycle.
You have to acknowledge the ridiculous cartoon of next generation sequencing and metagenomic sequencing.
And you have to acknowledge the fact that we've gone from almost unable to track them to being able to apparently track one all around the world for years and years.
Mike Eden just mopped the floor with Steve and he's going to continue to do it.
I don't make the argument, but we've been lied to definitely.
And the perpetrators meant us harm initially, because as soon as the pandemic was called, they changed hospital care home and community treatments that predictably resulted in hundreds of thousands of innocent people using their lives.
I mean, I think they were murdered.
I had a gigantic murder.
And then while that was going on, a bunch of people in my former industry of which I'm going to have thoroughly ashamed.
I wouldn't, I was dropped by all my consulting funds in the summer of 2020.
I didn't mind them doing that.
I didn't need their money.
And you know what?
I didn't need them contacted me now.
I would say screw you, you know, don't work for a crooked industry.
And so I feel embarrassed that I didn't realize it wasn't all crooked.
I, I, I assure you, there are some very good drugs.
I think it got crooked around the turn of the century.
And I can even remember, I think we were running out of drug targets, Steve, and management realized we couldn't produce the output required.
And some clever people came up with molecular biological ways to make, to identify and validate new targets quickly.
And it was like the human genome project sequencing whole humans.
And that's faster and faster.
And they said, if we can sequence whole, whole organisms and do high throughput screening.
Mark, do you hear it?
Okay.
Game of function is something I've even done.
You, if you, if you have a protein, you don't even know what it does.
You can, you can do what's called an alanine, an alanine scan.
So you change all the side change one after another.
Position one, two, three, four, five, you sequence, you change it from alanine, which is normally a small, non-polar thing.
And you see, does that change the function?
And often it does.
It's a, and anyway, so senior management persuaded the board that if we spent all these dollars on,
I think Pfizer made a big six investments in sort of bioinformatics, screening, human genome and stuff.
I remember speaking to people at the time and I'm saying, this process requires what I call a Tamobox Steve.
You're moving from the left to the right.
You've got information on the right is the pot of gold.
Tamob stands for then a miracle occurs.
It's like you couldn't logically follow all the steps and have any real chance of getting a drug.
And I only know of one drug that emerged out of that, out of that investment.
And dammit, it's supposedly treats HIV that I think is fraudulent.
You know, I'm afraid HIV was made up by the people.
She's joking.
That has made this up.
But so that's like an end of anyway.
So like it's just to be clear, it hasn't been a pandemic.
I can't comment on whether or not someone's got something in a test tube.
And I'm not willing to make some statement about the entire cast.
Okay, I think it's really important to point out right here before I forget it.
And before Mark puts down his phone or wherever you're listening, Mark.
Realize that what Michael just said was that at certain point in the 90s or whenever they were running out of drug targets about the same time that the human genome project starts and finishes and gives these people all kinds of new drug targets that they can make antibodies to
And target them and patent the methodologies by which they generate those antibodies and boom.
There's this explosion of intellectual property that's based on the NIH decoding the human genome and giving them all these novel targets.
Did you hear it?
That's exactly what he said.
It's really wonderful. I guess is the best thing I've ever listened to in the last like month and a half period of pathogens. I'm not clever enough.
That's what I'll stop. But nasty people are coming at us. The evidence for that was very clear very early.
And I say that I think the last conscious decision, the last decision that you have to make folks that's not.
That's not that after this, all the other things that the crooks don't require your consent. So I think the last thing they need of you is to sign up for digital ID.
And it's appearing in certain US states when I was still living in Florida.
They said it'll be very convenient. You can combine your health records and your driver's license and whatever your Starbucks loyalty card.
Before you know it, they'll have everything on that. And you'll be required to show it to get gasoline to enter a store or at least to buy anything in the store.
And then ultimately to enter a mall. It's so easy to search out of that out of that investment. And it's supposedly to treat HIV that I think is fraudulent.
You know, I'm afraid HIV was made up by the people, including fancy.
That has made this up. But so that's like an end of anyway.
So like it's just to be clear, it hasn't been a pandemic. I can't comment on whether or not someone's got something in a test.
And I'm not willing to make some statement about the entire category of pathogens. I'm not clever enough. So that's where I'll stop.
But nasty people are coming at us. The evidence for that was very clear very early.
And I say that I think the last conscious decision, the last decision that you have to make, folks, that's not.
That's not that after this, all the other things that the crooks don't require your consent.
So I think the last thing they need of you is to sign up for digital ID.
And it's appearing in certain US states when I was still living in Florida.
They said it'll be very convenient. You can combine your health records and your driver's license and whatever your Starbucks loyalty card.
Before you know it, they'll have everything on that. And you'll be required to show it to get gasoline to enter.
And just make sure that all the Americans in the audience understand that that ID is a real ID.
So in Pennsylvania, all your driver's license will be necessarily converted to a real ID driver's license this year or next year.
And what that means is it'll have a chip in it just like your passport does that has the capability of storing any amount of data.
I don't know how much, but enough for there to be records on there.
And so that's already mandatory. And it's been mandatory for years already.
Florida just happened to already have it in place when the pandemic started.
So it became very ironic that people were leaving New York to avoid the mandates and converting their driver's license to the real ID of Florida,
not realizing that they had just taken a step closer to the totalitarian nightmare
by moving away from New York and converting their driver's license in Florida.
And that's the whole trick of DeSantis. In case you didn't know, he's totally on board with this too.
That's why he plays along so well and his script fits so well with everybody else's.
And sort of store or at least buy anything in the store and then ultimately to enter a mall.
It's so easy to see. Don't sign up for it. You don't need it. They need you to have it.
If enough of us refuse and just say, well, thanks very much for the convenience of that.
I'm going to stick where I am. That will force them to become more aggressive and that will wait more people up.
So I think the strategy of perpetrators is never to do anything that will activate more than a small percentage of the population at any one time.
And it's been pretty successful. So please don't sign up for digital ID.
If they say, oh, you won't be able to do certain things.
Did you go? Dang it.
That's not what I wanted to have happen. So I want to go back. Did you catch that? What he said really makes us agree.
What he said with regard to they're doing things right now not to get too many people riled up at any one time.
And I think that's a very important thing to understand from the perspective of looking around and watching things happen now and watching how different groups get ignited at different times.
It's exactly intended to be this way because the ignition of one group is kind of the yin and the yang for another group.
And so everybody's getting jerked around. It's kind of like getting jerked around by the collar.
And they're doing that to everyone. And they're forcing parents to do it to their kids.
And we cannot continue to participate. But as the people in the chat are saying, there's no way realistically without really dropping out.
You're going to have to at some point make the choice of not flying anymore.
That's one of the scary things for me and my family is that as the inevitable decline of air travel happens, which it is definitely going to be orchestrated to happen over the next few years.
We're going to have to make a choice about where we're going to live and then we're going to stay there.
And we have a very big extended family here and a very big extended family in the Netherlands.
And my wife has been away from her extended family for a long time. There's a huge temptation to move back.
And with the flights getting more and more expensive and the air travel becoming more and more painful.
And soon going to be does already requires digital ID to go international because your passports are all digital ID.
So don't think that this system isn't already in place.
Everything's already in place. It's just a question of whether they turn the keys or not.
And that's part of what what Michael is saying here, but we really don't understand none of you, none of us.
I don't want to talk down to you because I'm also naive to how far this legislation has taken us already in theory.
And even if it's not already in place, what is already made possible by existing legislation, I don't think you can underestimate.
And again, how they played this game between state legislatures and state laws.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need utmost, utmost vigilance.
We and our kids and their kids lose it forever.
And that's why it's so inane that there are people that claim they are trying to help us by talking about HIV inserts that were originally found in the original virus in 2020.
While not talking about where those inserts are now in Amacron WD-40.
This is all hands on deck because billions and billions of dollars were at stake.
This is for trillions of dollars. This is for all the marbles.
So the more they get you to argue about gain of function and amyloidosis and the LNP's chemistry,
the more time you waste not organizing, the more time you waste not organizing.
Which means when they pull the turn the next key, you won't have your community organized.
When they turn the next key, your parent teacher association will not know your opinion yet.
And so this is really a call to arms now.
You really got to start taking action.
You got to send letters. You got to talk to your friends. You got to be vocal.
And when you hear this bullshit call it out unapologetically.
Arm yourself with the biology so that you can.
And even if there is a clever argument to be made, you don't need to make it because this is about freedom.
It's about sovereignty.
And it's about the idea that there are parts of our biology that aren't going to be solved in our kids' lifetimes.
And all this talk has gotten us nowhere other than...
Mike Eden is mopping the floor. Steve Kirsch has said nothing!
The crooks bent the choir consent.
So I think the last thing they need of you is to sign up for digital ID.
And it's appearing in certain US states when I was still living in Florida.
They said they'll be very convenient. You can combine your health records and your driver's license and whatever your Starbucks loyalty card.
Before you know it, they'll have everything on that.
And you'll be required to show it to get gasoline, to enter a store, or at least to buy anything in the store.
And then ultimately to enter a mall. It's so easy to see.
Don't sign up for it. You don't need it. They need you to have it.
If enough of us refuse and just say, well, thanks for not for the convenience of that. I'm going to sit where I am.
That will force them to become more aggressive and that will wait more people up.
Now, would you agree that his main message at this stage is the digital ID we've got to reject it?
That's the only way out. That's the main game.
And that's really his main message. There was no pandemic.
Protocols were murder. And they're trying to hurt us into the digital ID pen.
Now, we're about to transition. Steve's about to awaken.
I don't know if he's going to get a fentanyl injection or what's going to happen.
But at some point he's going to start talking.
And I want you to pay attention very clearly to the fact that he points out right away.
Hey, isn't there a green van outside with some daisies on it?
Is that a great game? Wow, that looks like Scooby-Doo outside.
So I think the strategy of the perpetrators is never to do anything that will activate more than a small percentage of the population at any one time.
And it's been pretty successful. So please don't sign up for digital ID.
If they say, oh, you won't be able to do certain things.
And you think, well, I'll sign up so as to avoid those harms.
I'm telling you, if you sign up for the harms, you're going to get much worse.
Because then they can tell you, unless your digital ID that you've now voluntarily taken up is valid and up-to-date with your jobs, then you'll still lose validity.
So you will have to do that anyway.
And I think that's one of the most likely methods that will be used to kill all some of the people.
I know from my first few plus years of rational drug design experience, the structure of molecules are not random.
They are a consequence of intentions in the mind of the designer that are then sort of rendered into a practical thing.
And so given that's what I did for a living for a long time, I was quite good at it.
I worked shoulder to shoulder with medicinal chemists and biotechnologists.
If you examine a kind of medicinal entity written on paper or whatever, you have a way of looking into the mind of the designer.
What were the signs to accomplish?
And those injections folks were definitely designed with the intention of causing injury, maiming and killing.
There's no other purpose for them.
Even if I believe the narrative about respiratory viruses and injected material designed to produce immunity,
couldn't possibly work because that's not how humans, human immunity in the respiratory tract does not depend on circulating antibodies.
Because of decreased antibodies that these injections do not elicit and see cells that they, I'm not sure whether they elicit.
So they could never have worked. It would not be inappropriate to take them.
They were definitely rushed.
They could not possibly be manufactured in the time they said they were manufactured and have been reproducible batch to batch.
That's absolutely certain, not my opinion.
That's the opinion of Headley Reese, R-E-E-S, Headley Reese.
He spent almost 40 years in pharmaceutical production.
Boom, I mean, are you hearing how devastating this is?
Steve Kirschkamp, break in.
He's not nodding.
He's just sitting there.
Maybe he's got jet lag.
I don't know.
Maybe his audio doesn't work.
Mike is mopping the floor.
Every single thing he says is spot on.
Man, Mike, you are the man.
Mr. Sparkle.
We've spoken many times and he knew it was a fake.
So don't take digital ID for good and sick.
Don't allow yourself to be jumped by anything that's got.
Emergency, Fauci, Gates, WHO.
Even at one remove.
These people are not good.
They want to harm you and they've harmed many people.
And the reason I think they'll make another run this is that the virus story is so compelling that I've said to people like I mentioned Steve, that the epidemiological data is really oddly in contradiction to the narrative.
And I think if you don't read that, you think, oh, my God, that there wasn't a pandemic or at least not there and then where they said there was.
But the thing is, despite that analysis and despite me and a few others saying it, nobody cares.
They're all scared of the bug.
They're scared of the lab-made bug out of Wuhan.
They could easily do it again tomorrow.
And then these gene-based injections, I mean, it's horrifying to realize.
I mean, that was the Scooby-Doo, right?
They're all afraid of the lab-based virus.
That is the Scooby-Doo.
And to get people to come to that conclusion on their own over years.
I mean, it's a brilliant plan.
And it worked like a charm, except we figured it out.
Now, can we get the message out?
Or will people like Steve Kirsch stop us by professing the faith even after he gets told for 35 minutes why the faith is bounded in mythology?
It's extraordinary.
Watch.
Several months ago, that government's government said we're so pleased with the performance of these new technology vaccines that we've agreed to work with, modern Pfizer, whatever it is, to build a manufacturing plant for mRNA vaccines in every country.
And it's like, oh, my God, these things can't be safe.
They'd never be safe for a mass market, never, ever, because they prompt your body to make things that are non-human.
And if your body is finely tuned, it plays nicely with itself if things that are inside might even are Mike's proteins or inside Steve Kirsch's proteins.
But if, for example, we cleaned and expressed a bit of me and Steve or vice versa, our immune system would attack it.
That's the same basis of transplant rejection.
And so if your body is induced to make a piece of non-human protein, wherever it comes from, from a virus, if it exists, or just from an invention sequence, your body will assume it's either infectious or cancerous.
And it will only say lethal attack on every cell that's taken up and expressed that injection.
And so, you know, these cannot be saved mass market products.
It doesn't matter what they tell you, it doesn't matter what clinical trials they do.
Retire.
Okay.
So let me interrupt.
Sorry.
Are you saying that all of the people on the CDC outside committee, for example, all of those people are in on the plan?
Oh, come on, Steve.
With the plan.
You're such a shit.
Okay. So, so, I think they know what they're doing.
I think they know what they're doing is wrong.
And I don't know anything about what else they know.
And you know what?
I think a lot of people haven't even realized that.
So let me just, if I could just briefly, I'm so well, despite my bush, useful looks.
Three of the four senior vice presidents or executive vice presidents that were responsible for these gene based chat programs in J&J, AstraZeneca and Pfizer.
I know them personally.
They're either work colleagues, two of them that I work with between, say, five and 15 years.
And another one was someone I met professionally and, you know, we stayed in touch for about a decade.
So I know this three of the four people.
I contacted them in 2021 saying, you know, guys, you know, they're all male.
And it's laid out some basic facts.
You should, I always thought you were smart and good, you know, good person and smart.
And I must be wrong.
At least one of these determination, these assessments.
Two of them blocked me on social media.
And one of them a few months later resigned to Mattie Mammon resigned from J&J without comment.
Now, Steve, you understand, defer compensation at that level.
I, I, he must have walked away from at least 10 million into third compensation.
He didn't announce a new position at the time, although he's moved back into biotech.
No one leaves an SVP VP job like that with no comment.
They just thanked him for his service.
And I, when was the last time I referenced him and he thought, Oh my God, he didn't realize.
Oh, when you say nobody has, nobody leaves a VP, a job like that.
When was the last time that happened?
How do you ever, how do you?
When's the last time that happened?
So do you see how insightful of an interviewer he is?
He actually makes me look pretty good.
Because rather than talking about anything that he spoke about in the last 40 minutes
and really being like, wow, that's a really amazing summary, Mike.
I wasn't there yet.
He says how many times have people walked away from a VP job without their golden parachute?
You see how he does it?
It's really, it's really extraordinary.
He's probably been reading a chat the whole time down here.
And somebody's frantically typing about the kind of crap that they need to say.
And there is no response here.
Mike, you cleaned house.
Nice work, Mr. Sparkle.
It's, you know, put it this way.
Actually, you probably know, you can't see some salary, but your percentage of bonus,
bonus could be 100% salary, sometimes more.
And then there'll be, you know, his number is your comment on why he left.
No, no, he didn't.
He didn't.
So the people on the CDC outside committee who approve these vaccines for people in America,
just as a small example, they're not in on it.
And why did they approve the vaccines?
So, I mean, obviously, I have no idea why they did what they did.
But, of course, we don't know.
They've been a racket for decades.
As your work recently has been, vaccines are a racket.
I wouldn't recommend anyone currently, certainly in the current environment,
to accept any vaccine.
Not against anything.
I'm not saying none of them are any good.
But when you look, as you have found off, do you know the good vaccine?
No, I don't.
Okay.
So I'm saying speaking.
I was just checking.
No, no.
To make sure.
Again, I often say my mind is months ahead of my mouth.
I mean, I'm pretty bloody sure that they're all neutral to harmful and not useful.
And I will never subject myself voluntarily to another one.
But in terms of my recommendation, definitely don't take it.
How dangerous do you think these gene-based jobs are?
Give me the kill rate.
If I give you a thousand doses and inject it into a standard population in the U.S.,
how many people will I kill?
I'll answer the questions one in a thousand, but it will depend on injecting a representative sample population.
Yeah, so I see the standard population.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
The representative sample injected, but it's harder than that as well.
If you will be aware, the lots and lots variability means-
No, no.
I'm saying on average.
Okay.
It's just there aren't really any average ones.
It's like Russian roulette.
There's a chamber with a shell in it.
You can't compute an average for any set of criteria.
You can compute an average for any set of criteria.
Is that Steve Kirsch trying to dunk on Mike Eden?
Is that really all he's got?
There isn't an average.
And I'll tell you why, because we did a show yesterday listening to a guy by the name of Robert Malone.
Talk about the variable chemistry of pegulated liposomes.
And specifically, we talked about how liposomes aren't really nanoparticles.
Because after you shake them up or pass them through a barrier to make them really tiny, they can go...
and get right back together again, and become large enough to be toxic.
And it is the size of these bubbles, whether or not they were transported correctly.
All these things changed the level of toxicity.
And if the CVS down the street didn't treat them the same way that the Walgreens did, then even if they're all the same lot, Steve,
the actual chemical properties of the liposomes that are in there are pretty variable.
So variable, that Robert Malone decided that this was a craft technology to use in animals.
Do you not see it, ladies and gentlemen?
We are right there at the precipice of this being done for us.
All we need to do is wear the armor and start marching.
Because the cave opening is right over there. I don't even need my flashlight anymore.
The protocols were murder. There is a spectacular commitment to lies happening right now.
And everybody who's spectacularly committed was tipped off.
I love it.
I think it's about one in a thousand.
One in a thousand, because that tends to match my number that I've been saying for a couple of years now.
Where did you get your one in a thousand number?
The same place that you got it.
There were three or four other people who were.
He got his number from the same place you got it except his comes with experience.
And yours comes from where the sun doesn't shine, Steve.
You said one in a thousand?
That's a pretty crazy guess, Steve.
Come on.
I mean, can you not see it?
Is there any humbleness in the guy in the blue shirt?
Is he going to say, wow, Mike, that's the best summary?
No, he's not.
That's not what the chat in front of him for the last 40 minutes has been telling him to do.
It's been telling him to interrupt him, stop him, ask him about something else.
I think it looked like a satellite of over.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, Dennis, Dennis Rancourt.
I must say, when I realized these things were potentially harmful and
potentially harmful and actually harmful, unfortunately, they're different things because it's all in the dose.
If you take a small enough dose of pretty much anything, it will be harmless.
But if you take a large dose of things that we normally think of as benign, it could kill you.
A famous example is, believe it or not, people would encourage to drink whilst running marathons.
And you might think, obviously, you must drink when you're running marathons.
It's like, you actually don't need to drink very much when you're running.
I mean, I've run 15,000 miles at least.
And when you think the water comes from, it comes out of your skin.
It's metabolic water.
As you burn and substrate, you produce CO2 and water.
And your body's clever.
You can go through unbelievable motivations without drinking.
So I'm not recommending you run 26 miles without a water.
But people who died in marathons, most of them had hypo-nestremia.
They deluded to hell, the sodium in their blood and their heart spots.
So even water in the kind of constants you can drink whilst running a marathon can kill.
So the one in a thousand thing, sir.
So did you follow what he said?
That when you're running a marathon, you're actually burning glucose?
You're burning starches.
You're consuming and metabolizing.
And in that metabolism, you create water.
Metabolic water.
And so you don't need to replace as much water as you think during a marathon.
If you don't take into account the fact that your body, as it expends energy, makes water.
And if you overhydrate during a marathon, you can result in extreme bodily stress.
Because again, you've diluted the nutrients of your blood.
You've looted your plasma. Too much water.
And then your body makes more water.
It's brilliant because it's just another example of one of these dumb, simple understandings
that we have of our physiology as a result of consuming TV and social media for so long unhindered.
All of us, even the smartest of us, the brightest doctors have fallen victim to some of these
ridiculous truths based in mythologies.
Because there has been a concerted effort to create mythologies that can be used to profit
from us, used to control us.
And once companies get so big, they cooperate with each other to maintain these mythologies.
Once powers, once piles of money get large enough, they cooperate with one another.
To maintain these mythologies, to make sure that they can both take advantage of it.
Calling someone else's grift out, if it's your grift, doesn't do you much good.
I think we're winning, ladies and gentlemen. I think Mike Eden's definitely winning.
Some of the lots, I think, were 10 times more lethal.
Some were 100 times less lethal.
So we can't conclude anything.
We can't reliably predict anything about what will happen next time.
Because it depends on what they want to do.
But just for the rule of thumb, it is one in a thousand so far.
That's about a little over 10% of the normal population death rate.
What is striking about what's happening now is that the excess deaths are occurring
in people who generally would be very unlikely to die.
Young women, for example, I was a doctor and they had a manager which was young women don't die.
Once they sorted out obstetrics and gynecological related problems, pretty much.
Young men, of course, kill themselves with violence and automobiles, motorcycles.
But young people generally don't kill everyone dying.
Unfortunately, it's a new normal now, Mike.
Do you think the increased rate is of young people killing over and dying?
What kind of question is this?
19 or 2020?
I've seen work from actuarial work from insurers that talk about 50% increase in death rate,
which is shocking and it sounds shocking.
There's a butt, of course.
If the death rate is very low and if only two people would have died over the six months
period, if you had three deaths, that's 50% increase.
Now, obviously it's tragic and the person has been murdered.
But it's not the numbers.
Two and three, the numbers are quite a bit higher.
I was just pointing out that these percentages can be, you know, I just want to put them in contact.
So it's a big number. It's a big percentage.
It may not be a big number.
Whether or not it is, these people didn't deserve to be injured and killed.
And that's what's happened to them.
These things cannot be safe.
So let me ask you this.
Some mic on the vaccine.
If you give somebody the vaccine, the vaccine itself will kill them.
Will the vaccine or can kill them?
Yeah.
And the vaccine also can cause them to get COVID and then die from COVID.
What do you think the...
I don't think COVID exists.
I don't think...
I think that the COVID exists.
Okay.
So, okay.
No.
Wait a second.
Wait a minute.
So you're saying...
We won't get into viruses, but are you saying that the COVID virus doesn't exist?
No.
I don't know if it exists or not.
I'm saying it's not circulating.
It can exist in a lab if it wants or a computer if it wants.
It's not circulating.
You mean it's never circulated?
Obviously, I can't tell you what I don't know.
But from the beginning of 2020, when we were told this pandemic is coming from Wuhan,
according to the epidemiological or cause mortality data in the U.S., state by state,
Dennis Rancourt and colleagues show there was not an increase in all cause mortality.
And in the absence of that, I think that tells us that there was not an additional for public health threat.
So I see in the chat that somebody's saying that yes, it is novel and yeet in 2020.
Well, I would have been there too.
In September of 2020, I was still not at the stage where I understood it like I do now.
And so I was thinking there was a novel virus.
But our previous immunity to other coronaviruses would be applicable enough so that there was no virus that could pose a pandemic threat.
But I was still, and maybe part of me hasn't ruled it out yet, that there is a novel pathogen with limited spreading capabilities
or extreme spreading capabilities and very low disease incidents.
This works just as well, right?
You release it a few years earlier.
You make sure that everybody has it.
I think one of the things that everybody needs to consider that I haven't really been putting on the table yet because I think it complicates the situation a bit much.
But everybody should consider the possibility that a bacteriophage, meaning a virus that infects bacteria, is another possibility.
And a bacteriophage that could change the gut biome might be responsible for what Dr. Sabine Sahan has found.
And so we don't understand everything yet.
We don't have all the biology to explain everything that has been observed.
And so I, like Michael Eden, doesn't, I don't think we should feel obliged to answer questions like how many people do you think are being killed by the shot?
How many kids are dying now?
Or is everyone at the who lying?
I mean, these are all questions that from the perspective of there's a crime having been committed.
If you call the cops and say a crime is being committed, you don't have to tell the 911 operator who's doing it and what their motivation was, how they got there, and what they planned to do with what they stole.
And yet every time somebody makes these statements and shows you the data and says, look, let's be real simple, let's be as parsimonious as possible.
A bunch of people were bamboozled into doing some really dumb stuff by other people who knew they could take advantage of this mythology and went for it.
And this combination of ignorance and dumb and greed and pre programming set us up for something that I think a lot of people are taking advantage of.
They knew the pieces were going to move the way they were and they knew that when the things were loose, that they could push stuff in the way that they needed to.
And people are playing games with patent law, they're playing games with intellectual property, and they're playing games with the future of medicine.
Behind the scenes, all the while, while we're arguing about variants and amyloidosis and whether or not the LNP is responsible for all the deaths or whether it's the DNA that's in there.
That's in there with SB 40.
That's the magic of the Scooby-Doo.
Not only does it trap you in this illusion that you figured out the mystery, but the real mystery and the real people that need unmasking and the real scam is going on in a completely different direction.
Not even in the cave, but outside the cave and a whole law school away.
Mike Eden is still mopping the floor with Steve Kirsch.
That would kill elderly and frail people, which is what they told us, and that's a lie.
Basically, I think most of the deaths of the Kurds in 2020 were murders in hospitals, care homes and the community where medical procedures were changed by dictation.
People were paid money to follow the dictats.
You know, it's very well in America.
It was overt and outrageous.
If you've had a COVID-19 or a COVID-19 ventilation or a COVID-19 reservoir and a COVID-19 death, Kirsch in, I think.
Explain to me, Mike.
My wife and I have a lateral flow assay test.
Here we go.
Most people have the...
These are the quick tests.
Watch Mike mop him up.
Swab your nose.
You swirl it around.
You drop tooth.
This is really important because this is the kind of conversation that you will have with your family or with your neighbor at a barbecue.
Or maybe we have to look forward as far as Thanksgiving.
Where people will talk about a lateral flow test and about how I got it, then she got it.
What's the answer, Mike?
Things.
Yeah.
And then the liquid then flows along a...
And then you see the lines.
Okay.
So it's known as the lateral flow.
That's right.
Yeah.
And so my wife got sick with what she thought was COVID.
And she took one of these tests and the test was positive.
And I didn't think anything of it.
I ended up getting sick and I then used the test and the test showed that I was positive.
And after I got better and I was checking myself every week to see...
Okay.
So what's going on?
And so the line is getting fainter and fainter.
And then it had that it disappeared.
It's perfectly consistent, isn't it?
Okay.
So my question is, if I didn't get COVID, what did I get that is being detected by that lateral flow assay test?
Can you expect if I had multiple brands that they would also show the same thing?
Maybe.
Sure.
Tell me...
I don't know.
I didn't do that.
Tell me.
Tell me what the...
First of all, we should replay it again because what Steve described was not a controlled experiment.
Because he did not test himself when his wife was sick.
So he doesn't know if he was already positive for it then either.
In other words, the whole household could have been positive from the very beginning for whatever that lateral flow test test for.
But because he only tested himself when he had symptoms, he's correlating it with the symptoms.
I'm going to listen to it again to make sure that I'm right because I think I'm right.
Swirl it around.
You drop two things and then the liquid that flows along a...
And then you see the lines.
Okay.
So it's known as the lateral flow.
And so my wife got sick with what she thought was COVID.
And she took one of these tests and the test was positive.
Yeah.
And I didn't think anything of it.
I ended up getting sick and I then used the test and the test showed that I was positive.
And after I got better and I was checking myself every week to see...
Okay, so what's going on?
And so the line is getting fainter and fainter and then it disappeared.
It's perfectly consistent, isn't it?
Okay.
So my question is, if I didn't get COVID, what did I get that is being detected by that lateral flow assay test?
And I suspect if I had multiple brands that they would also show the same thing.
So tell me...
I don't know.
I didn't do that.
Tell me what the most likely scenario...
So he suspects if he would have used other tests that he would have seen positive results, but he didn't do it.
So he doesn't know.
So that was already dumb for him to say, but we're just going to point out that he said it.
It is.
Yes.
Where my wife got symptoms consistent with what is known as COVID.
And then days later, I got the same symptoms consistent with COVID.
And I used the same test and it showed the same thing.
So tell us, please, if this was not COVID, what was it and what is being detected by these tests?
Yeah.
Like I said, what you just outlined is extremely consistent with the narrative.
There's a virus going around that you caught successfully, which made you ill.
And you can see evidence of it with a test that you were told is at least you don't highly select it.
I got that. That's the official explanation.
I want to understand.
All I'm telling you is that large numbers of people also, like, including me, got ill and had negative test results.
Loads of other people were not ill and had positive results.
So basically, I'm saying that though you had a coincidental finding symptoms and a positive test,
I'm not even sure they're related.
So here's the question.
I remember these tests were not random.
I mean, I took the test.
We don't know what it's measuring.
You see now that he's lying and I can spool it back, but I don't have to.
He said he took the test once a week.
Now he's saying he took the test many times.
Many times he took the test.
No, he said he took it once a week.
I can spool it back.
You can look at it later.
I know he said it.
This is the third time I've watched this video because it's so good because it's not a man who is hearing an explanation that he believes.
This is a man that is reading a chat in front of him that is encouraging him to go on detours and dead ends and straw man arguments with this man.
To try and obfuscate his message, which is that we need to back the truck up.
Seriously, the people who made it belong to a group of companies, a segment of society, which are clearly crooked seriously at this point.
And so I believe that there is no one will tell us what's in these lateral playlists.
We're told that it's an immobilized antibody to some part of the alleged violence.
That's what they've told us.
I know evidence for it whatsoever.
Because it's so important.
Anything.
So Mike, has anyone then why not expose this?
Okay.
Because what you can do is you can get.
It's the same argument that Kevin McCurnan makes.
If it was clones, why don't you find evidence in the jet set database?
If these tests were faked, why doesn't somebody prove it?
Because there were over 250 tests during the first two years of the pandemic in America and most of those tests and the companies that put them out are out of business.
And if they're not out of business, it is a patent nightmare because every one of these lateral flow tests is a multi-patented device.
It's got a patent here and a patent there and this part's a patent and that part's a patent and this part's somebody else's patent.
You think that this is some kind of joke?
You got another thing coming.
These emergency use authorized products were potentially the craziest expression of our free for all medical society, pay to play garbage system that we have that's ever been experienced by our country.
And these tests and their validation and their use, none of it was controlled.
These were all just.
Yep.
There's the paperwork.
Go ahead and distribute it.
They paid people to track and trace during 2020.
Do you understand there were thousands of companies around the United States hired people to track and trace people that tested positive for COVID?
To make phone calls to go knocking door to door to tell people that, hey, you know, that's the person that you're working with had COVID.
Millions of taxpayer dollars were spent buying these tests, distributing these tests, processing these tests, tracking and tracing the results of these tests.
Ladies and gentlemen, Steve is now asking what happened if we had positive tests?
And Mike's answer is, you know, there were lots of people who got positive tests that had no symptoms.
And there were lots of people who had symptoms that got negative tests.
And so maybe your wife's test and your test aren't even related.
Boom.
I wish William Briggs was here to listen to this stuff because this probabilistic crap that Steve Kirsch is pulling is amazing.
And Mike Eden is immune because he is Mr. Sparkle.
He is disrespectful to dirt.
The virus samples from ATCC for the Coronavirus.
Okay, I got to go back. I got to go back because what he's proposing right now is that you get samples of the Coronavirus from this ACTT place, which is going to be an infectious clone of a particular variant.
And then use it to validate these tests.
I'm just breathless. I'm breathless, but I want you to hear him say it because it's so asinine.
Society, which are clearly crooked, seriously, at this point.
And so I believe that there is no one will tell us what's in these lateral plate tests.
We're told that it's an immobilized antibody to some part of the alleged virus.
I told this. I've never been through it whatsoever.
Okay.
Anything.
So, so Mike, has anyone then why not expose this? Okay.
Because what you can do is you can get the virus samples from ATCC.
He's laughing for the Coronavirus for SARS-CoV-2.
Did you hear it? You're laughing.
And you can go and run a bunch of viruses that you get from ATCC against the lateral flow test.
I'm personally completely interested in experiments. Sounds like you're interested.
I think you should do that.
But why has it somewhere?
If they're lying to us.
Sounds like you're interested, Steve.
Is there a reason why someone...
Oh, man.
The why?
I would love it to be exposed.
But whatever you find, there will be some people who will continue to believe what they believe today.
Yeah, I know.
I get that.
But at least...
It's a wheel spin. It's a wheel spin.
Unless you...
No, no, no. It's not a wheel spin at all because I'm actually interested in seeing the outcome of that test if someone wants to do it.
I agree. I think it'll be...
I do think it will be... I think you're agreed. I hope.
But what is the conclusion?
If you get viral samples from a central source made by clones and you put it on a lateral flow test and you get a positive result, what's the conclusion?
That there's no possible...
There's no possible false negatives in the background.
That there's nothing else on planet Earth that can make that test turn except for those viruses.
So if you're testing with the virus and it turns, then what happened with Steve's test proves that it was the virus.
That's the fallacy.
That antibodies are so perfect that they only bind to one thing.
And so if they bind, it has to be that one thing.
This is a fallacy.
And the idea that Steve thinks you can check that by ordering some clones in the mail and then running them over these lateral flow tests shows you that he's not playing fair.
It shows you that he's pushing the faith.
It shows you that he's trying to trip Mike up and it shows you that Mike is fools mating him because he hasn't made one forward step yet.
Mike is Mr. Sparkle.
That would be very important to know what's inside the test.
Don't take us red that it's detecting capsid protein from this season with no idea if they're telling us the truth.
Seriously?
That's why I'm saying it.
Why hasn't someone just independently tested it?
Because testing it on the virus or a clone of it will not prove that there is not another million things in somebody's saliva, including endogenous proteins that can also result in the test turning positive.
Gosh darnit people, are you listening?
Antibodies are not magic.
They have a very small segment that is specific for the target that they bind.
And as easy it is, it should be to imagine that three-dimensional electrostatic shape is not hyper-unique.
And that's the reason why the immune system tries really hard not to roll those weapons out for everything.
Because they're not perfect.
And you gotta know when you're gonna actually use antibodies to make an immune memory.
You don't just want to willy-nilly do it.
But the use of antibodies to detect things is one of the cardinal intellectual property spaces that has drastically changed as a result of the pandemic.
And it's this changing intellectual property space uncovered by Mark Hewson-Tonic Mark Koolag that is gonna be one of the, I think, most interesting stories of 2024.
Because what you're gonna find is that most of these people who are entangled in this mess are entangled with it because they understand the value and the use of intellectual property and specifically patents.
How patents can be used to extract money, how patents are valuable, and how they can be used to leverage power.
Control over entire corporations in theory could be leveraged by patents depending on their value or perceived value.
And their perceived value can change in an instant upon one court ruling, one supreme court ruling, or one simple case law decision.
Guess who knows a lot about patents besides Mr. Mike Eden, who was saying in the 90s we were running out of patent targets.
And then the Human Genome Project gave us a bunch more.
Steve Kirschknows about patents too.
Against various.
I don't think they know I seriously don't think people know what's in the test.
I certainly had this conversation.
Do you know Jonathan Engler? You're probably aware of it, Claire Craig.
We tried to find out what was in them.
Early 21, I think, and their companies just simply said, thank you for your inquiry. That's commercial confidential.
So, yeah, that's why I'm saying that you have to treat it Mike as a black box and someone that has to go and do the experiments by exposing it to do you not remember Steve that somebody did it with mango or something like that.
And it also tested positive is so dumb. Steve is really playing the weakest card.
Whoever his handlers are in his chat, you guys are weak. Mike Eden against all. Man, oh man, I need a jersey.
To various pathogens and people can basically get a, you know, you can take samples from me and we can do.
Sanger sequencing on those samples and compare it to the SARS.
Can I just see the comments at this point?
And then I could I could then do the same thing.
But Mike, I mean, I don't understand why nobody would do this.
I'm very happy to do it. I'm personally what's in the test.
Hold on.
It certainly has this conversation.
Do you know Jonathan Engler? You're probably aware of Claire Craig.
We tried to find out what was in them.
Early 21, I think, and their companies just simply said, thank you for your inquiry. That's commercial confidential.
So, yeah, that's why I'm saying that you have to treat it Mike as a black box and someone that has to go and do the experiments by exposing it to various pathogens.
And people can basically get a, you know, you can take samples from me and we can do.
Sanger sequencing on those samples and compare it to the SARS.
Can I just make a comment at this point?
What, what does he get a sequence?
You can take samples from him and you can send your sequence in them and compare.
What is he talking about? That didn't even make any sense.
And again, I'll state the testing the lavender flow with viral samples that you get from a central location.
Doesn't make any sense either because you're talking about trying to identify the.
The specificity.
And then I could, I could then do the same thing.
Mike, but Mike, I mean, I don't understand why nobody would do this.
I'm very happy to do it. I'm personally, I can't with all this.
No, I get that.
I get that.
So, I'm communicating the public and not very interested in the actual flow.
But I only need to pay someone to do it.
No, no, no, but, but, but the claim is that the, that, that the, that these COVID tests,
which everybody gets in the master's distribution uses to say,
I think it's really important thing.
If the test is wrong.
No, that's not Mike's claim.
Mike's claim is what he just said.
The protocols were mass murder and everybody's committed to lie.
Mike's claim is not that the lateral flow tests don't work.
Sometimes they do work in that they change color because they buying stuff because the antibodies move from one part to the other.
And then the fluorescence changes. Sure, they work.
Clocks work.
Even a broken clock reads right twice a day.
We are talking here about obfuscation.
This is essentially Steve Kirsch showing you his colors.
Because rather than picking Steve up like Rocky and carrying him off into the sunset,
he's trying to knock him down.
And he's misrepresenting what Mike just said and repeated several times.
I just want to be clear.
I don't think there was a pandemic. Nothing ever spread.
The protocols were murder and these people are lying.
Mr. Sparkle.
It could really bring down the narrative. And I'm saying if the test is wrong, it's easy.
It seems that it's so easy.
Exactly.
Well, I agree.
It is.
And I would say it's almost certainly nonsense that test.
Almost certainly.
Because here's the thing.
How much of any one thing would the be in the sample from your nose compared with all of the other potentially detectable materials?
It's going to be, you know, it'll be a tiny fraction of the bulk of biological materials that are being chromatographed by the, as you say, by the few drops through this lateral thing.
I've developed myself. This isn't a PCR where I hired people who have done it.
I've done these tests.
What you would need is something that's exquisitely selective and very, very potent in terms of binding.
And where did they get that from?
You know, we don't know to get it from a donkey because that's quite common. You might vaccinate a donkey.
And then you would have, you know, whatever, donkey, anti-sars, whatever it is.
And even then they would get a piece of the alleged patent and they would usually bind it on something else.
So there'd be loads of other antibodies as well.
It's really, really difficult. It's unlikely for these tests to be knocked out as quickly as they claim to have done it.
I mean, that was another giveaway that it sort of like, it pops up after a few months.
And I thought, there's no way, there's no way you've done this properly.
And now you've manufactured millions, tens of billions, hundreds of millions of tests.
It's like, it's all aligned.
Do you see what he's saying? You can't make a product that fast. Never mind mass produce it that fast.
Never mind validate the biology that fast. Never develop the biology that fast.
And they did it with everything. Everything, ladies and gentlemen.
Steve is, is befuddled because Mike Eden has finally given us a way to argue that we don't have to fight these silly battles anymore.
We really don't. It's wonderful. Mr. Sparkle.
Has any lab basically bought all these tests and swab somebody who's...
He's still talking about it.
Through Sanger sequencing. And then tested that person with five samples of the tests and five swabs.
As you can tell, it's something I lost interest in it quite early.
I'm not asking whether you've done it.
No, no. I don't know if anyone's done it.
You must hear that I'm, you know, basically it's a detail by the side of the road.
And the idea, it would be lovely if we could show something.
It's a detail beside the road. It is really like the caves back there.
We have the flashlight in front. Everybody's been following us.
We went down all the dead ends already in 2020 and 2021 with Mike Eden.
In fact, I consider Mike Eden the only one that I've been following in this cave exploration trying to get out.
And now I think we know where the door is. And I think Mike is leading us there.
I'm following Mike and Steve is trying to get us to look back because there's a bunch of stalagtites back there.
And some of them have quartz on them and they're really shiny.
I mean, we should go back and take a look at those. Did you make a picture with those yet?
The cave door is right over there. You can hear the crickets.
Mike is leading us right out right now. And Steve wants us to look back at stalagtites and stalagmites.
We can't reach enough to people in a single level to bring down anything.
That's why it's a game of attrition, really. And that's why I think it's more at least the service I can be to the world.
So it's focused on the things I'm very sure about. And I've said, I said to you earlier, I don't want to fight people about this.
So let's talk about the bigger issue. Do you think that so you believe that this is all planned that people that the people in charge, whoever they are?
Do you know who the people in charge are? Is Bill Gates like one of the people in charge?
Yeah, I'm sure he does.
Does he take orders from someone else?
I would imagine. I mean, remember, until the spring of 2020, Steve, I believed everything pretty much everything the government told us.
I believe national broadcaster. I read the daily paper. What a sap. But I used to believe.
What a sap. We were all saps back then. Oh, my gosh, I was the biggest sap. I actually listened to NPR.
I listened to NPR all the time before the pandemic started. I mean, I'm why do you think I like to watch PBS NewsHour?
Because PBS NewsHour went off into another galaxy in months. I mean, I couldn't believe it. I love Mike Eden.
I used to believe broadly that what I was being told with a little bit of spin was probably right.
And I've now come to the conclusion that almost everything they tell us is untrue.
And certainly everything about this so-called pandemic is a bloody lie. Everything.
So I'm not going to try to accommodate them. It's a sign up. Although I know you're sincere and I've definitely spoken to several people who have this experience.
And so they can't have astonished. I don't agree with them. And the only reason I don't is the epidemiological evidence shows there was not an increased cause of death.
So what about the scene in the U.S., CNN is showing all these hospitals.
Showing overflight, claiming that they're overflowing in emergency rooms and people sick in the hospital.
The hospitals are overwhelmed with people sick with COVID. True or false?
So what they did is they found the one hospital in America. Do you think it was all made up?
In terms of an overflight. There were a few hospitals. Are you kidding?
CNN says, hey, these hospitals are overflowing and they go and they go back and find the report. Show it.
Actually constructing a hospital and doing it like- Like Matt shows something.
Well, or not not the match. But I'm thinking of the great, what was the- CNN, they use green screens.
Is it like the scene where they set the whole thing up and-
I think it's worth saying that. I didn't know this in 2020, but I learned it shortly thereafter.
Do you know what the most potent stimulus for increased illness in loss of health status in human beings,
other than actually giving them something that will make them ill?
But if you weren't able to give them something that would make them ill, do you know what is the proven best way of making them much more likely to become ill?
It's to frighten them. Chronic fear kills.
Some social isolation also kills.
You put them in a position where they're highly stressed, frightened, anxious.
They don't have a place to hide, you know, where they need to be hyped.
Or they don't have an opportunity to socialize and suddenly literally just die and humans are just the same.
So I think we suffered from all normal illnesses amplified by a deliberate policy of high propagandized fear.
I like that a lot.
I know there is a Sanger sequencing that is done and the genomic sequences match SARS-CoV-2.
So you're not denying that there's a virus out there and that people get it, right?
I think it's certainly possible that there's something that moves from person to person that definitely isn't something that causes mass illness and death, Steve.
Unless you haven't read the paper or you have a reason to disagree with it.
I think you have to, on the one hand, in addition to what you're saying, you have to accept,
there was not an increase in all causes and substances.
So I'm not looking for a pathogen.
There wasn't a pattern of death.
And the whole thing, like I said, 25 years of preparing for pandemics, which I think actually can't happen.
See, the thing is, is you do very simple math.
Just do very simple math.
Round the numbers off.
300 million people, sorry.
350 million people in America, 320, I don't know, whatever it is.
We have one every year we have between 2.8 and 3 million people die.
Every year.
That's the expected number of people to die and it goes up and down a little bit with the seasons.
And if a million people in America were killed by COVID and they were extra deaths, over one year,
that would be a 25% increase from 3 million people to 4 million people dying in that year,
a 25% increase in all cause mortality.
So if there was a novel, deadly, gain a function virus that spread like wildfire through a novel,
sorry, through a vulnerable population whose age didn't matter or mattered a little bit.
You would still have seen it in the all cause mortality and you don't.
You don't see it anywhere.
And when you do see it, you don't see signs of spread.
You see point functions of protocols being applied and then not applied anymore.
Do not resuscitate orders applied and then not applied anymore.
Ventilation protocols applied and then not applied anymore.
I don't know if I'm going to let it run now that this Sanchez guy has come in just because the talk,
the discussion gets a little weaker now.
You can tell that Steve is very frustrated because he can't get Mike off of message.
I'll just let it go a little while longer, but I might go to bed soon, just warning you.
I think they're all, they're all fake.
Why would they?
And then also, even from wrong about that, did you look at any of them?
Did you watch even like 15 or 20 minutes of any of these tabletop simulations,
the so-called Atlantic storm and lock step and whatever,
critters and contagion, all these things.
Basically, pretty quickly Steve, the objective was to lock people down, to control them,
to control the narrative and get an needle in their arms.
They were never interested in helping them.
I wanted to step in and go back a second to the conversation about the hospitals.
I was living in Fairfield County, Connecticut at the time when COVID hit and at the time,
my region had the largest COVID cases in the state.
And at the hospital, quite regularly in February and March because my son was in the hospital
and it was packed most of the time.
This is before COVID, the emergency room was packed.
It was just, it was a busy hospital.
Before COVID, before COVID, COVID hits, lockdowns hit.
I saw the reports on the local news about how we had the highest number of cases
and stay away from the hospitals unless you're really sick.
I remember being in the emergency room right at the beginning of COVID before the lockdowns
and people were coming in to the emergency room going,
I think I have COVID and the receptionists were saying,
now you don't go back home.
You're fine.
They were literally sending them away because they had people with real emergencies in the emergency room
and they were busy.
But I decided to take a drive when I saw how the COVID was spreading in my region
and how busy the hospital was.
And I do have a video of this somewhere.
I've got to find it in my archives because I shot footage from my car
and I drove to the hospital and it looked like it was closed.
Literally there were three or four ambulances in front of the emergency room.
There were a couple of guys standing out there.
There was a journey, they're empty out, almost for display.
And there was, it looked to me as if the hospital was closed.
But the news was telling us it was overflowing with patients and bodies.
So I just wanted to step into the conversation and share that anecdote.
Two things to add, I didn't do this, but people I know did do exactly what Livia said
in the corner of Kent where I live.
And they said that the emergency room is often full to overwhelm in the winter.
In other words, we've got inadequate capacity.
And they've deliberately taken, well deliberately, I don't know, the motive.
They've reduced the number of inpatient beds and ventilated beds, just quite a lot over the year.
And after the COVID, after the pandemic was declared, the number of admissions for symptoms
that predominated with respiratory as the main reason fell like a stone.
It's like they're almost half, they're almost half.
So whatever they were being admitted with, whether or not they're the positive quotes,
PC artists, they weren't, they didn't have a respiratory illness.
That wasn't what was happening.
And also the, in Britain, they were telling us that they're desperately short.
See, the problem with this that I see is that if there's no respiratory illness,
but they're coming in for COVID, it makes me think that the virus is not necessarily
communicating in the lungs, but replicating in the gut.
And now you might say, well, wait, why, what?
They have to have it in their nose if they're testing positive.
They have to have it in their saliva if they're testing positive.
And I'm interested to see how many of these would have been.
Nasal swabs.
Don't forget that when you cough, you cough.
It goes up into your nose.
So if there was something that was growing in, yeah, I don't know.
I'm just trying to think about the flora in your mouth and whether a bacteria can work in there.
One of the reasons why I'm saying that is very anecdotal, but I went into the pandemic
being a 50 year old guy with no cavities.
And at some point during the pandemic, all of my mouth flora went out the window.
And I now have two cavities I'm pretty sure that I haven't had filled yet because we just got insurance
two months ago after two years of not having insurance thanks pandemic.
But I didn't change my tooth brushing or my toothbrush or my habits that got me 50 years of no cavities.
But something happened in my mouth flora where now I can get cavities apparently.
And I don't know when it changed, but it definitely changed very rapidly because these cavities were not there before.
I've got an x-ray where my teeth are like laughable and they've invited other doctors in or other dentists in to say,
look at this guy's mouth, he's 51 years old.
And that's not the case anymore, I know.
So I'm very skeptical that we understand the biology as yet.
And Mike is very skeptical that we understand the biology yet.
Steve is really sure that there was a novel virus that tests work, it was a calamity, we had to shut down.
A lot of these products must work, including the mRNA, has some value, doesn't it?
Maybe it's the LNP, but sure it was a gain of function virus.
Definitely coming back, saying or sequencing matches.
A lot of intensive care beds.
I personally know the person who used to manage for NHS England, it's about 90% of the UK population.
When I say manage, he ran the database of which beds have got what person in them and when did they arrive and so on.
And he showed me that in the summer of 2020 and he said, I've never.
I got to type this in there, I'm just going to say it.
So somebody says hypoxiaptide toothpaste repairs cavities, here's the irony.
I started using this toothpaste that was these little knobs that you chew them up and then you brush your teeth with them.
And the guy who I heard those from was Brent Weinstein.
And they actually did.
Well, I had toothpaste and the toothpaste is now gone and I use this toothpaste.
So I don't know if that meant my cavities are healed, but.
Brett Weinstein.
Yeah.
I've seen the intensive care facility so, so empty.
And the part of the reason for that was I don't think it was pandemic and people were advised not to come to hospital.
And then the major thing that happened is because of the pandemic, elective surgery almost stopped.
So in the summer, they would do bypass surgeries, varicose veins and even more invasive.
None of this made it into the BBC, for example.
Sorry.
How come none of this none of these empty ICUs made it on the BBC?
Oh, Steve.
OK, I'm probably going to come across as a conspiracy theorist.
But as I say to people, the bloody well is a conspiracy.
There's nothing theoretical about it.
A small number of corporate sort of small number of big companies own almost all of the mass media in the world.
I think it's like less than 10.
And I think those 10 are in on it.
They're probably through the world economic forum. They probably have the sidebar and then made it a policy.
It's like you're going to basically there'll be a line to take. That's always been true.
The media follows lines to take.
And basically lines not to take.
So, so do you.
I think it's all line.
Is there media that you consider reliable, like that?
Times, for example.
No, no, no.
No, no, no media.
He said epic times.
Steve Kirsch said epic times.
Oh, I see.
I would say I would recommend a UK column, capital U, capital K space column.
UK column.
It's run by a couple of good people.
And they saw UK column is covered gigo and biological like a whole show.
I'm not kidding.
It's a big column is cool. That's awesome.
They are.
I think at least one of them is one or maybe two.
Yeah, two of them are professional journalists and one is a former British service man who realized that things were not well.
And they were running UK column before COVID.
And so they've got a wider span.
Yeah.
And I think they're doing their earnest best, but I'm afraid all other.
I think all main media, whether it's TV, radio or prints.
I think there's virtually no independence of editorial.
I don't know.
Again, I don't know whether a couple of phone calls were made in Britain.
It would be a dream care for a gentleman's club.
I would say, yeah, for you want to make sure that BBC BBC one BBC channel four are both actually part fully apart government owns.
So one phone call and then ITV independent television.
You know, I think it's a floated thing, but they'll probably have cross holdings in terms of board membership.
It's not.
It's not difficult.
It's also, I think, I think the media Steve have been very controlled probably all of my life and probably before that.
I think it's time for bed.
There is no reason why.
You can't find that video for yourself.
Just look on YouTube for the VSRF and look up my key.
It's like one of their recent videos.
I don't want to stay up too late. It's been two hours.
I hope you enjoyed it.
I hope you'll take the time to share the original video and share this one.
I'm going to be on again tomorrow and Sunday.
I don't know when yet.
But I'm going to try and make more of a habit of this without making any promises.
Just look out for more streams because we're not stopping anymore.
We're going all the way.
Do not forget, please.
They've lied to you about this stuff in order to steal your kids' freedom.
And the way that they've done it is that they told us this crazy story about a novel virus.
And now all the people involved are not talking about the PCR fraud or the masking fraud or the lockdown fraud
or the protocols being murdered.
Steve Kirsch couldn't talk about it.
That's all you need to know.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is where we are.
Let's walk out of the cave together.
Thanks for joining me.
Good night, everybody.